# Generative Adversarial Network
Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) is a deep neural network architecture that helps us to generate new samples given the training examples. Its a combination of two network a) Generative network and b) discriminative network. Generative network tries to generate the fake samples (synthetic samples), by drawing a sample point from a latent space (n dimensional gaussian vector space) and then expanding it to reconstruct the new sample point that looks similar comparing to the real samples (training samples). While on the other hand discriminative network tries to classify the samples both generated by the generative network and the real examples to the fake and real classes. The discriminative network solve this problem as a binary classification problem (0 means fake and 1 means real). This is one of the reason, we use sigmoid as a activation function at the output layer. 

We used three different kinds of networks to solve problem 1, 2, and 3. 
1. **One Dimensional Gan (1DGAN):** We use GAN to approximate the point of a quadratic equation (y=x<sup>2</sup>). For more details, please refer to [Problem-1](Problem-1.md).
2. **Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Network (DCGAN):** We use 2D convolutional neural network to design both the generative and descriminative network. For more details, please refer to [Problem-2](Problem-2.md).  
3. **Conditional GAN (cGAN):** We use 2D convolutioanl neural network and noise element to control the process of sample generation. For more details, please refer to [Problem-3](Problem-3.md).   

# Dependencies
The list of the required packages are given in the requirements.txt. Please install them by using the below command.
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# References
1. Goodfellow, I., Bengio, Y., & Courville, A. (2016). Deep learning (Chapter-20). MIT press.
2. Goodfellow, I., Pouget-Abadie, J., Mirza, M., Xu, B., Warde-Farley, D., Ozair, S., ... & Bengio, Y. (2014. Generative adversarial nets. Advances in neural information processing systems, 27.
3. https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/gan
4. Mirza, M., & Osindero, S. (2014). Conditional generative adversarial nets. arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.1784.







